focus cycle — mark where one period of work ends and the next begins

  focus cycle add
  focus cycle list
  focus cycle show [id|-n]
  focus cycle modify --edit-notes <id>
  focus cycle modify --edit-time <id> <time>
  focus cycle delete <id>

  focus cycle add
  focus cycle show -1
  focus cycle modify --edit-notes 12
  focus cycle modify --edit-time 12 2026/09/03-17:40
  focus cycle delete 12

  add       records the break and prints its id
  list      every break you've recorded, newest first, as boundaries
  show      the current period — everything since the last break
  show -1   the period before it, -2 the one before that
  show <id> the period that break opened
  --edit-notes   replaces the placeholder note; timestamps aren't touched
  --edit-time    moves the marker to <time>; the receipts regenerate
  delete    asks first; the next break's receipt re-anchors to the
            nearest survivor, so no receipt outlives its boundary

Sent the invoice? Mark a cycle break. It's the boundary you'll look for the
next time you ask "when did I last close the books?". A break is an
ordinary session with no duration, stored under a project name that reads:

  Cycle break. Period: <last break, or Beginning> to <now>

That name is the whole mechanism — nothing in the database says "cycle". A
break renamed to something else stops being one, and a session named to
match becomes one.

A period runs from the break that opens it up to the next one. Counting
back past the oldest break reaches the work that came before it; going
further than that is an error. The note is what the period was: 'cycle
list' and 'past list --show-cycles' print it under the boundary line they
render the break as; the placeholder itself is never printed.

--edit-time is for the invoice that went out Tuesday and got marked
Thursday. A break is a single instant, so moving it rewrites both
timestamps at once and regenerates both receipts — yours and the next
break's, whose period now starts where yours landed. The new instant must
fall strictly between its neighbours and in the past: a break closes a
period that already happened. Same time grammar as 'focus past' — ISO or
relative ("yesterday 14:00").

add refuses while a session is focusing or paused — mid-session there's no
boundary yet, run 'focus off' first. It's fine while disabled. Adding two
breaks in the same minute produces the same name, so the second offers to
replace the first; replacing writes a fresh row, so a note you'd already
typed does not survive it.

modify and delete work on cycle breaks only. For ordinary sessions use
'focus past'.
